# Template p5 project

Jessika Forster

Project 2 – Artist’s Statement

 For my CART 263 project 2, I created a game titled “Storage Almost Full”. Through a series of levels, a commentary is made on the way in which students are graded on how well they memorize content rather than actually learning it. The game surrounds the concept of memorization as elements of a level are always used in the next, which is why you must be noticing every detail on each page, as you would need to in real life when studying for an evaluation. My artistic vision for this project consisted of making each page look as though it could be a page in a high school textbook. I included simple and colourful illustrations in order to reflect the aesthetic of such textbooks. My hope is that the illustrations would make each level more eye-catching and elevate the user experience. Through each level, my goal is for the user to take notice to every element on the page in order for them to be successful in the next one. I also included interactive elements within the levels for the user’s attention to be drawn to important elements, but also to distract them from elements that could potentially be useful in the following level. Although I have included details to mislead the user, I have included instructions to guide the user through each level to avoid any unexpected obstacles and to achieve the user experience I had in mind. In addition, I put a lot of thought into the layout of every page in order for one to lead to the next and allow for the user to be able to smoothly transition from one level to another. Through the combination of CSS, JavaScript and HTML code, I was able to incorporate interactive elements in each level and elevate the user experience. All that to say, my goal was to create a game that resembles the textbooks we are all familiar with, through levels where the user must memorize and interact with the contents of a page in order to move forward and complete the game. Once the game is complete, take note of how much was truly retained from simply memorizing everything that was necessary to succeed.
