# Template p5 project

Jessika Forster

Project 1 – Artist’s Statement

The film that I decided to use as the theme of my game is Train to Busan. Through my game, I hope to convey the overall storyline of the film through a handful of levels. The game begins by asking the user to insert their pronouns and age which are inputted into the user’s randomly generated profile. I included a randomly generated name, occupation, weapon and personality trait in hopes of allowing the user to imagine themselves as a character within the storyline. I also had envisioned that the “weapon” would be whatever the passenger has with them as they are on the train which is why I wanted the objects to be completely random. Now that the user has an idea of what kind of character they have been assigned, the game continues with an announcement using responsiveVoice that simulates an announcement one would hear on a train. That announcement conveys the current situation within the world of the film as well as the instructions for the following level. In level 2, the user must move the circle that represents their character using their mouse in order to dodge the red circles which are zombies. For the level to be more difficult, I added a timer that requires the user to dodge the zombies until it runs out and I also added 10 zombies that are following the user and 10 that are simply moving randomly in order to fill up the window. If the user is unsuccessful in level 2, they become infected and must restart with a new character. If they are successful, they continue to level 3 to be assessed as to whether they are infected or not. If they are, they must sacrifice themselves in order to avoid harming any other passengers and if they are not infected, they have reached safety and have completed the game successfully. As I wanted to include as much as possible from what we have learned this semester thus far, I incorporated JSON data, responsiveVoice as well as ml5 object recognition. I took all that we had done in CART 263 into consideration and decided that Train to Busan would be the best film choice as I could incorporate libraries we have been introduced to into the game and they would fit perfectly with the concept of the film. My primary goal was for the user to become fully immersed in the game and feel as though they have become a passenger on the train and I believe that the libraries I incorporated allowed me to achieve that goal. I also created various assets using Adobe Illustrator, Photoshop and After Effects in order to make the game even more realistic and for the exact imagery I imagined to be shown to the user. To summarize, I made sure to choose a film that would allow me to include many of the libraries we have learned about in a natural manner without seeming forced and those elements allowed for the user to be fully immersed in the game. In addition, I created various assets for the game to seem like the real deal.
